The Project Gutenberg eBook of The minstrel's curse
    
This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online
at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States,
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this eBook.

Title: The minstrel's curse

Author: Mrs. Alex. McVeigh Miller

Release date: October 24, 2024 [eBook #74635]

Language: English

Original publication: New York: Norman L. Munro

Credits: Demian Katz and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net (Images courtesy of the Digital Library@Villanova University.)

    “‘When nightly my wild harp I bring
        To wake all its music for thee,
      So sweet looks that face while I sing,
        To reason no longer I’m free.
      I forget thou art queen of the land--
        ’Tis thy beauty alone that I see:
      And, trembling at touch of thy hand,
        All else is forgotten by me!

    “‘The spell is upon me in sleep,
        In the region of dreams thou art mine!
      I wake--but, ah! ’tis to weep,
        And the hope of my slumbers resign.
      Ah! hadst thou been less than thou art,
        Or I more deserving of thee,
      Thou mightst have been queen of my heart,
        Thou mightst have been all things to me!’”

The exquisite tenor voice of the singer died away into mournful echoes;
the low accompaniment wailed along the piano-keys like the cry of a
breaking heart, then sobbed itself out--and silence reigned.

“There is still another verse, Mr. Winthrop,” said Lady Edith Chilton,
softly.

“Which I shall not sing,” answered Guy Winthrop, coolly.

“_Shall_ not?” the girl repeated after him, in a rising tone of
displeasure. “No one ever says ‘_shall not_’ to me, Mr. Winthrop.”

“I suppose not”--Mr. Winthrop bowed slightly in homage to her fair
young beauty--“therefore I say it. I--whom fate has placed so far
beneath you, that I am not restricted to the sweet flatteries of your
ladyship’s lordly admirers, nor yet to the passive subservience of your
vassals--can afford to speak my mind!”