The Project Gutenberg eBook of A daughter of strife
    
This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online
at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States,
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this eBook.

Title: A daughter of strife

Author: Jane Helen Findlater

Release date: October 25, 2024 [eBook #74636]

Language: English

Original publication: New York: Dodd, Mead & Company

Credits: Delphine Lettau, John Routh & the online Distributed Proofreaders Canada team at pgdpcanada.net

                               CHAPTER I


As long ago as the year 1710 there lived in London town a girl of the
name of Anne Champion—a straw-plaiter by trade, and by hard fortune a
beauty. Anne lived alone in a garret, and earned her bread by the sweat
of her brow, plaiting straws for hats from early morning to late at
night. Then she would go out and buy her food for the next day, if she
had earned enough to buy food with, and if she had not, she would do
without food and work on.

A hard life enough; but it was not to last for ever. For Anne had a fine
lover at the wars—Surgeon Sebastian Shepley,—and ere very long he was
to return, and Anne was to say farewell to work. Partings were partings
in those days, and Anne never thought of getting a letter from Flanders
more than once in seven or eight weeks. When she got one, poor girl, she
could not read it—no, nor answer it; for she had no ‘book-learning,’
and had never been taught to write; but she used to take her letters to
a former adorer of her own who served in a print-shop, and he kindly
read his rival’s love-letters aloud, and, when Anne could afford to send
one in return, would even be forgiving enough to write it for her.
Anne’s fine lover had caused considerable jealousy among her neighbours,
and old Mrs. Nare, the mother of Matthew, the young man in the
news-shop, was never tired of hinting to Anne that no good ever came of
such unequal alliances. When she saw that Anne was quite undisturbed by
these prognostications, Mrs. Nare tried to persuade her that there was
little chance Shepley would ever return from the wars.
