The Project Gutenberg eBook of Tension
    
This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online
at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States,
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this eBook.

Title: Tension

Author: E. M. Delafield

Release date: October 25, 2024 [eBook #74638]

Language: English

Original publication: New York: The MacMillan Company

Credits: Emmanuel Ackerman, Mary Meehan and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net (This file was produced from images generously made available by The Internet Archive)

"Auntie Iris has written a book!"

"A book!" echoed both auditors of the announcement, in keys varying
between astonishment and dismay.

"Yes, and it's going to be published, and put into a blue cover, and
sold, and Auntie Iris is going to make heaps and heaps of money!"

"What is it to be called?" said Lady Rossiter rather gloomily, fixing
an apprehensive eye on the exuberant niece of the authoress.

"It's called, 'Why, Ben!' and it's a Story of the Sexes," glibly
quoted that young lady, unaware of the shock inflicted by this brazen
announcement, delivered at the top of her squeaky, nine-year-old voice.

"Good God!" said Sir Julian Rossiter.

His wife said, "Hush, Julian!" in a rather automatic aside and turned
again to the herald of "Why, Ben!" now hopping exultantly round and
round the breakfast-table.

"Did you get a letter from Aunt Iris this morning, Ruthie?"

"Daddy did, and he said it was a secret before, but now the publishers
had accepted the book and everybody might know, and I said--I said----"

Ruthie consecrated the briefest possible instant to drawing a
sufficiently deep breath to enable her to resume her rapid,
high-pitched narrative. "I said, 'Me and Peekaboo must come and tell
you and Sir Julian, because you'd be so pleased and so excited, and
_so_ surprised!'"

"Is your little brother here as well?" said Sir Julian, gazing
distastefully through his eye-glasses at Ruthie, heated, breathless,
hopping persistently on one leg, and with a general air of having
escaped from the supervision of whoever might have charge of her
morning toilette before that toilette had received even the minimum of
attention. Ruthie cast a look of artless surprise about her.

